Eugene's back and so is Hitler tulip is
still dealing with some saint of killers
PTSD and Denis continues to beg his dad
to bite him hey guys you won't believe
it I'm actually making this video from
hell we're talking about episode 8 of
preacher season 2 and I want to know
what you guys thought of the episode so
hit me up in the comments and also find
me on twitter at Ryan Eric P but also
you need to subscribe to this channel
because we break down more than just
preacher we're also talking about Rick
and Morty Twin Peaks and Game of Thrones
episode 8 opens up with Eugene working
on his summer body and showing off his
new tattoo it's Tracy's name across his
back
I'm glad we're back in hell because we
get to see more insight into how Hell
works and all the messed up inmates down
here we also learned that there are
levels to hell by the way the only candy
bar in hell is zagnut which of course
was made famous by Beetlejuice and
Hancock and this bear in the great
outdoors okay so it's pretty popular in
movies and TV but I've never tried one
if you have let me know how they taste
and where I can find one back to hell
wait hold up do they have to wipe their
ass with duct tape and hell I mean at
least we have gaffers tape and the
basketball is half deflated all the time
this place is horrible
so miss Mannering walks in drops the cap
to her pen and the inmate that helps her
and picks it up is sent to the hole she
then puts an out of order sign on the
vending machine and the caveman gets
taped to the TV a TV just like just like
this one but it's not really that's
scary I guess for KI a minute would be
then we get a shot of Eugene bullying
Hitler and pushing him to the ground
I get it Eugene has to fit in with the
other inmates because good behavior gets
you sent to the hole but I'm not buying
his tough-guy act we don't but it's no
surprise here but Eugene is the one
person that doesn't belong here
he is the sole reason for all the
technical difficulties down under and
will later learn that everyone else in
Hell deserves their stay one lady burned
her three kids alive the high school
douchebag raped four women but I really
want to know what the caveman did bottom
line Eugene is the only good person down
here next up we flashback to a hospital
nurse
in 1946 where Cassidy looks exactly the
same age as he does now because he's a
vampire
a hundred and nineteen year old vampire
he's singing a song to his newborn son
his own rendition of Charlotte the
harlot which is about a prostitute he
then follows with a swig from his flask
never changed Cassidy oh and his outfit
might remind comic book readers of one
of his classic looks judging by their
current relationship I'd say it's safe
to say that Cassidy didn't hold up his
end of the promise Vinnie's health
continues to fail and Cassidy is trying
his best to make him comfortable but he
won't turn him shouts to Cassidy for
finally downloading a translation app
for his cell phone tulip meanwhile is
trying to keep herself and her mind busy
ever since the run-in with the Santa
killers Jessi is in his own world
when he's not searching for God he's
sleeping and vice versa the only person
she has is Cassidy but he's kind of busy
at the moment as well we then find out
that gril Industries has team preacher
under surveillance Featherstone and
Hoover both of whom are in the comics
have been shacked up next door gathering
intel on Jessi and as we know from last
week their boss is on his way and how
about Jesse Custer
well his storyline this week was pretty
weak first he spends most of his time at
a knock off best by examining the god
edition tape for clues instead of the
Geek Squad
it's the dork docks and Jesse spends
over half the episode with them which
was completely unnecessary had he just
looked at what's literally written on
the DVD property of Grail industries at
one point he's even in a room surrounded
by TVs with a grill industry's
commercial how dense is Jesse that he
doesn't even realize all these clues and
second at one point Cassidy asks a favor
of Jesse to use his power to help out
Denise I was honestly shocked by Jesse's
answer I'm not sure chances could help
even if I could
I just
I don't think that's what it's for
all right of course I mean Jesse has
used this power on much more trivial
things like macing a guy's balls or
making two cops hold hands why exactly
can't he help a friend save his son from
dying I think this is going to cause a
huge rift in their relationship down the
road couple that with the obvious love
triangle between these characters and
it's gonna get messy on the flip side
the best part of the episode was how the
show dealt with Cassidy's current
dilemma he's genuinely conflicted
vulnerable and distraught over his son's
deteriorating health in no way does he
glamorize the life of a vampire in fact
it seems as if he feels like it's a
curse there's the boredom if heard every
joke tropes barely work
and then everyone you ever cared or
loved just just ice
except you Cassidy's been known to be a
foul-mouthed boozed-up drug-abusing
womanizer but it was refreshing to get
new dimension to his character this week
and throughout the second season back in
hell and it's Hitler who has a hunch
that Eugene is the one who doesn't
belong in hell he sets him up by
tripping the nun by the way what did the
nun do to get down here being the good
guy that he is Eugene is sent to the
hole as punishment that's where things
get really uncomfortable like really
extremely gross even for a show like
preacher see in the hole your own
personal hell is even worse than
expected Eugene's hopes are brought to
new heights when Tracy tells him that
his feelings are mutual they even hold
hands and sing semi Sonic's closing time
together as funny as that was remember
in the comics our space was a huge
Nirvana fan and does in fact become a
rock star himself at one point he could
even sing even if you don't understand
what he's saying but then Jessie shows
up in this version of hell and he
awkwardly hooks up with Tracy in front
of Eugene it was extremely heartbreaking
gross and dumb Eugene ends this horrible
moment by shooting himself in the face
once he's out of the Hall Hitler tells
him that he wants Eugene to help him get
out of Hell so we should expect a eugene
Hitler team-up in the next coming weeks
towards the episodes and tulip meets a
friendly neighbor next door but it is in
fact Featherstone in disguise
I am almost 100% certain they're gonna
use tulip to get to Jesse but in the
comics they used Cassidy to get to him
speaking of Cassidy we end with him
while on the phone we find out Cassidy's
first name which is the same in the
comics okay it's branches
it's good to hear your voice chance now
Sheamus doesn't exist in the comics but
it sounds like Cassidy is extremely
close to this person there is a good
chance the fellow Irishman is his older
brother who was named William or Billy
in the comic books
based on the questions he's asking he
doesn't think that Denis should be
turned because no one really knows what
type of vampire he'll turn into I take
Cassidy as a rather well behaved vampire
compared to the other bloodthirsty
monsters out there when he does turn
Denny I have an extremely bad feeling
that he will have to put him down
himself on the next episode of AMC's
Reacher and wide I don't know how but
they're coming back you see that's the
power I've been talking about you work
for me now yes sir I have a date
kill them all I can't tell you why but I
really need to borrow your gun now she's
armed we're gonna get answers Cass I
just need one of them alive that miss